fixes https://github.com/wso2/docs-apim/issues/5078 (#5079)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/tutorials/create-and-publish-a-graphql-api.md

    [![Response of GraphQL Subscription Init]({{base_path}}/assets/img/tutorials/create-and-publish-a-graphql-api/graphql-sub-init-response.png)]({{base_path}}/assets/img/tutorials/create-and-publish-a-graphql-api/graphql-sub-init-response.png)
   
    As you can see, a successful WebSocket connection is established between the client and backend via WSO2 API Gateway.

4. While keeping the Developer Portal web browser page opened, separately open a terminal and directly invoke the backend API’s `createReview` mutation operation by executing the following command.

      ```
      curl -X POST "http://localhost:8080/graphql" -H  "accept: application/json" -H  "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"query":"mutation {createReview(episode: JEDI, review: { stars: 3, commentary: \"Excellent\"}) { stars   episode   commentary }}","variables":null}' -k
      ```

      When the mutation is successful, the GraphQL backend will send the following response:

      ```
      {"data":{"createReview":{"stars":3,"episode":"JEDI","commentary":"Excellent"}}}
      ```

5. Now go back to the Developer Portal browser page.
   

>     You can see that you have received the subscription event response that corresponds to the mutation operation you did in <a href="#5.2">Step 5.2</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can see that you have received the subscription event response that corresponds to the mutation operation you did in <a href="#5.2">Step 5.2 (4)</a>.
```

    [![Response Event of GraphQL Subscription]({{base_path}}/assets/img/tutorials/create-and-publish-a-graphql-api/try-out-sub-event.png)]({{base_path}}/assets/img/tutorials/create-and-publish-a-graphql-api/try-out-sub-event.png)

> You have successfully created and published your first GraphQL API, subscribed to it, obtained an access token for testing, and tested the query operation of your API with the access token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have successfully created and published your first GraphQL API, subscribed to it, obtained an access token for testing, and tested query and subscription operations of your API with the access token.
```
